SELECT * FROM login_db.user_seq;



insert into question values(1,"My shipment says “Out for Delivery.” What time will I get my package?");
insert into question values(2,"Where do I find the latest information on the location of my package?");
insert into question values(3,"My shipment says it has been delivered, but I cannot find it. Where is it?");
insert into question values(4,"How do I find and view an invoice?");
insert into question values(5,"How do I dispute a charge?");
insert into question values(6,"How long does the claim process take?");
insert into question values(7,"When’s the right time to report a problem with my parcel?");




insert into answer values(1,"Generally, our drivers can deliver as late as 7 p.m. During the holiday season, our drivers may deliver even later.
If we are unable to deliver a parcel that shows a status of out for delivery, we’ll try another delivery on the next business day",1);
insert into answer values(2,"Tracking your parcel on our website will give you the most up-to-date information about the status of your shipment. Check back periodically for shipment progress updates.",2);
insert into answer values(3,"Your driver always looks for a safe and protected place to leave your parcel. You can see a photo of the exact delivery location on our website.
 If you still cannot find the parcel, check with a household member",3);
insert into answer values(4,"Once you've logged in to the UPS Billing Centre, select either My Account Invoices or My Plan Invoices. All your details are organised in a table view, with sortable column headers" ,4);
insert into answer values(5,"The most efficient way to dispute charges is by logging into the Billing Centre and selecting “Help and Support Centre” for detailed instructions. If you have a paper bill or a 10-digit account number, call the phone number on your invoice.",5);
insert into answer values(6,"Once your claim with supporting documentation has been issued, processing takes on average 8-15 business days. Claims that have been approved and payment paperwork has been provided, processing generally takes between 3-5 days.",6);
insert into answer values(7,"Refer to the terms and conditions from the shipper country of origin to get information on how to report a lost or damaged parcel or an uncollected C.O.D. payment. This will provide you with the most accurate time frames on when to start a claim.",7);



-- user
INSERT INTO user (id, username, password)
VALUES (2,'user2', 'user2');
INSERT INTO user (id, username, password)
VALUES (1,'user1', 'user1');
select * from user;



-- agent 
  INSERT INTO agent (id, agentname, password)
VALUES (1,'agent1', 'agent1');
INSERT INTO agent (id, agentname, password)
VALUES (2,'agent2', 'agent2');

select * from agent
